hey youtubers it's Joey here I'm about
to go and see the dentist actually I was
going to get a root canal but now I
decided to get the tooth pulled and as
on this side of my mouth and has been
killing me for like three months and I'm
not gonna pay they want me to pay $1,500
for one tooth $1,500
that's a lot of money um you know for a
stupid little tooth in the back of my
mouth that's never gonna be seen on
camera but uh you know I could put that
on a down payment on a car you know
what's going on $1,500 for dental work
what's happening anyways so I'm gonna go
in and of course they're not gonna let
cameras in there so I'm gonna come out
and tell you what how it went and I'll
be back soon
so catch you in a bit I just got out of
dentist chair it was like an hour and a
half al is up
oh no grace you out gang yeah so I was
like the weird part is my whole face is
numb from my nose I can't feel my nose
my cheek everything ah I have to bite
down on this guy's wreck a half hour so
it's like the weird thing about this
whole thing is like the pressure you can
feel the pressure when her pushing on
the it's basically uh you know it's
almost like go a chisel pushing on your
tooth and you can hear your tooth
cracking because you had it she isn't
strong enough to pull the tooth she was
saying so she had to break it like in
the three pieces and then you can feel
the pressure you can hear the tooth
breaking the drilling it's all the
sounds that make it bad you know it was
like good to give me what some
headphones like for music then maybe
we've been there like a whole better
experience but huh
pushing on the tooth and it's breaking
and pulling on it and oh my goodness my
whole face is dumb
it says bite hard and the gauze for a
half hour after extraction make sure
yours enough pressure on the extracted
tooth it'll stop bleeding after half
hour with the gauze my blah um you can't
suck through a straw rinse or brush or
spit you can't spit please avoid hot
hard and hot food for 24 hours take your
medications and no ice
whatever that means I don't know I don't
get it boo boo boo boo boo look at it
yeah I was I'm not in pain it's just
like I said that it's the noises it's
the pressure I'm pushing on the tooth
and it's snapping and breaking weird
stuff gang see what I do so yeah anyway
that's my trip to the dentist I hope you
guys enjoyed it I so much like it
anyways thanks for tuning in
and this is Joe for Joey's world tour
saying peace